hi friends with you today eset smart
and we will take a video on how I wake
computers from the basics
that is, the computer is turned off
us and we need him to visit and how he
What programs are included
use and how to turn on the computer on
friend on the other one on the other room
In general, I will show everything clearly and you
see how it all works the main thing for you
need in the bios settings and enable this
an option
that is, it is called inclusion
turning off the computer on
computer signature and express
Well let's start here it is a program because
century not
online this is how it looks now
show all remote remote enable
computer here she wake me on lan
turn on this program here it is here
so it looks in general it spent departure
scan fully enabled
able to computer and you have it
tune so do not need kung turn
computer is important that your computer was
whether connected by cable
that is, by cable computer and mold
you can turn on wifi
let's say at night you turn on the computer
you need in front of him some documents with
computers and you don't want to go to another
room and your computer is in
another room you have a laptop for this
we go into the program itself, so he at
me aypishnik important that you write
tie that is you can to the people and
bind to the mac-address so that it generally
reinforced concrete insisted on it my stove-set
so as not changed and stove for
dynamic and you could easily go into
it very well here is to see here
wake up the computer and be smart in it
click and drive now click yes all
computer turned on here computer
The main thing that he was connected
to power that is if you with
pull out sockets you cannot enter
the computer turns on as we see here
turned on
let's say i turn off this computer
completely de-energize it now i am you
I'll show you how I want to complete work
all I'm completely chopping off this one
computer and most importantly if you suddenly
accidentally you turn off the computer that is
the light goes off or something else you
can not this and turn on remotely
the main thing that you yourself have completed this
work so much so that he was twisted
electrical networks
let's say right now the matrix
by what gets it off
see it completely off now we
turn it on again
everything
the computer turned on it was spinning weekend
by cable that is it goes by cable like
I managed to ride you bilson but now
show so logged in bios bios need
configure something which parameter so he
turned on so it go here here
this figure and here is the recording device
power is it that is the inclusion of a signature
express
I have it turned off by you
turn on and then you have it
turns on and there in this operating
windows sevens what
power management there is something in it
like these and it works for you
Well, most likely for auction axis Kopatycha
the virus is most responsible for that
Well now we have the following
computer that will also need
turn it on spent on cable pava
the paul doesn't work i mean the laptop can
on wifi take it that is
on the laptop program is put on
wirelessly skip the second candy
I have a second computer here
I his aypishnik became 103 so we him right now
will turn on
I'll show you, too, so he and Service
here we press yes
here he is computer our computer is like
I did not see him myself, that is, he
turned out for this program he calls
century me on lan link i if that
I put it where I remembered where I come from
jumped out at all here too bios need
dig now I'll show you where it is
need to turn it on this setting
here we are in bios now here too
need to turn on
turnkey and do not pee so go here
here here
century write add it also include
here it is in time but the moment here it is
anger, too, he turned on his after that
I wake up from the network here is his cable
here, too, on the cable must be let them
no more so you can connect
computer and i have two
hospital and visit him to distribute the grid
open visit your file
what else do we need to say with i will do
I make the second video of the second part as
control remotely by wi fay using
programs radmin remotely operating current to
Hurry meetings we like to subscribe